Small updates on staff and staff contribution guide (#614)
publiccodenet/about: contributor-guides/for-staff.md

* Team Public Code chat - say hello, we're a welcoming bunch
* Calendar - add your holidays to the team calendar
* Manual of me - fill out your own and read the existing ones

> * Oodo - We use ODOO for our internal chat tool as well as project management and customer relations management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Oodo - We use Odoo for our internal chat tool as well as project management and customer relations management
```

* Github - push a branch, make a pull request (maybe to improve this page!). You can request an invite to have our Github account added to the organizational account.
* Splitwise - if you want to join the shared lunch groceries
* Attend morning standup ritual that is in the team calendar
* Attend sprint retrospective & planning - review the kanbans beforehand
* Tentoo NMBRS ESS (employee self service) mobile app - to [request leave](../activities/staff-management/leave.md), [file expenses](../activities/staff-management/expense.md) and see your payslips

> Any of your new co-workers will be glad to help! <3

Reviewer: What do you think @ElenaFdR?

Reviewer 2: This is a distinction of American vs British English. We use American English at the Foundation for Public Code.

> Any of your new co-workers will be glad to help! <3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any of your new coworkers will be glad to help! <3
```
